org/inaturalist/android/GuideTaxonActivity.java
 org.inaturalist.android.GuideTaxonActivity
 org.inaturalist.android.GuideTaxonActivity$1
 org.inaturalist.android.GuideTaxonActivity$2
 org.inaturalist.android.GuideTaxonActivity$3
 org.inaturalist.android.GuideTaxonActivity$GalleryPhotoAdapter
 org.inaturalist.android.GuideTaxonActivity$TaxonReceiver
 org.inaturalist.android.GuideTaxonActivity$URLSpanNoUnderline
uk/co/senab/photoview/PhotoViewAttacher.java
 uk.co.senab.photoview.PhotoViewAttacher
 uk.co.senab.photoview.PhotoViewAttacher$1
 uk.co.senab.photoview.PhotoViewAttacher$2
 uk.co.senab.photoview.PhotoViewAttacher$AnimatedZoomRunnable
 uk.co.senab.photoview.PhotoViewAttacher$FlingRunnable
 uk.co.senab.photoview.PhotoViewAttacher$OnMatrixChangedListener
 uk.co.senab.photoview.PhotoViewAttacher$OnPhotoTapListener
 uk.co.senab.photoview.PhotoViewAttacher$OnViewTapListener
org/inaturalist/android/UserActivitiesAdapter.java
 org.inaturalist.android.UserActivitiesAdapter
 org.inaturalist.android.UserActivitiesAdapter$1
 org.inaturalist.android.UserActivitiesAdapter$2
 org.inaturalist.android.UserActivitiesAdapter$3
 org.inaturalist.android.UserActivitiesAdapter$4
 org.inaturalist.android.UserActivitiesAdapter$5
 org.inaturalist.android.UserActivitiesAdapter$CircleTransform
 org.inaturalist.android.UserActivitiesAdapter$ClickSpan
 org.inaturalist.android.UserActivitiesAdapter$IOnUpdateViewed
 org.inaturalist.android.UserActivitiesAdapter$ObservationReceiver
 org.inaturalist.android.UserActivitiesAdapter$OnClickListener
org/inaturalist/android/CommentsIdsAdapter.java
 org.inaturalist.android.CommentsIdsAdapter
 org.inaturalist.android.CommentsIdsAdapter$1
 org.inaturalist.android.CommentsIdsAdapter$2
 org.inaturalist.android.CommentsIdsAdapter$3
 org.inaturalist.android.CommentsIdsAdapter$3$1
 org.inaturalist.android.CommentsIdsAdapter$3$2
 org.inaturalist.android.CommentsIdsAdapter$4
 org.inaturalist.android.CommentsIdsAdapter$4$1
 org.inaturalist.android.CommentsIdsAdapter$5
 org.inaturalist.android.CommentsIdsAdapter$6
 org.inaturalist.android.CommentsIdsAdapter$7
 org.inaturalist.android.CommentsIdsAdapter$8
 org.inaturalist.android.CommentsIdsAdapter$9
 org.inaturalist.android.CommentsIdsAdapter$OnIDAdded
org/inaturalist/android/ProjectUserAdapter.java
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectUserAdapter
org/inaturalist/android/BaseTab.java
 org.inaturalist.android.BaseTab
 org.inaturalist.android.BaseTab$1
 org.inaturalist.android.BaseTab$2
 org.inaturalist.android.BaseTab$3
 org.inaturalist.android.BaseTab$4
 org.inaturalist.android.BaseTab$5
 org.inaturalist.android.BaseTab$ProjectsReceiver
uk/co/senab/photoview/log/LoggerDefault.java
 uk.co.senab.photoview.log.LoggerDefault
org/inaturalist/android/DefaultLicensesFragment.java
 org.inaturalist.android.DefaultLicensesFragment
uk/co/senab/photoview/gestures/CupcakeGestureDetector.java
 uk.co.senab.photoview.gestures.CupcakeGestureDetector
org/inaturalist/android/ObservationGridAdapter.java
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationGridAdapter
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationGridAdapter$1
org/inaturalist/android/LocationChooserActivity.java
 org.inaturalist.android.LocationChooserActivity
 org.inaturalist.android.LocationChooserActivity$1
 org.inaturalist.android.LocationChooserActivity$1$1
 org.inaturalist.android.LocationChooserActivity$1$2
 org.inaturalist.android.LocationChooserActivity$10
 org.inaturalist.android.LocationChooserActivity$11
 org.inaturalist.android.LocationChooserActivity$12
 org.inaturalist.android.LocationChooserActivity$13
 org.inaturalist.android.LocationChooserActivity$13$1
 org.inaturalist.android.LocationChooserActivity$14
 org.inaturalist.android.LocationChooserActivity$15
 org.inaturalist.android.LocationChooserActivity$15$1
 org.inaturalist.android.LocationChooserActivity$16
 org.inaturalist.android.LocationChooserActivity$17
 org.inaturalist.android.LocationChooserActivity$18
 org.inaturalist.android.LocationChooserActivity$19
 org.inaturalist.android.LocationChooserActivity$2
 org.inaturalist.android.LocationChooserActivity$3
 org.inaturalist.android.LocationChooserActivity$4
 org.inaturalist.android.LocationChooserActivity$4$1
 org.inaturalist.android.LocationChooserActivity$5
 org.inaturalist.android.LocationChooserActivity$6
 org.inaturalist.android.LocationChooserActivity$7
 org.inaturalist.android.LocationChooserActivity$8
 org.inaturalist.android.LocationChooserActivity$9
org/inaturalist/android/SignInTask.java
 org.inaturalist.android.SignInTask
 org.inaturalist.android.SignInTask$1
 org.inaturalist.android.SignInTask$2
 org.inaturalist.android.SignInTask$3
 org.inaturalist.android.SignInTask$SignInTaskStatus
org/inaturalist/android/MissionsOnboardingActivity.java
 org.inaturalist.android.MissionsOnboardingActivity
 org.inaturalist.android.MissionsOnboardingActivity$1
org/inaturalist/android/BaseGuideXMLParser.java
 org.inaturalist.android.BaseGuideXMLParser
org/inaturalist/android/NewMessageActivity.java
 org.inaturalist.android.NewMessageActivity
 org.inaturalist.android.NewMessageActivity$1
 org.inaturalist.android.NewMessageActivity$PostMessageReceiver
org/inaturalist/android/BaseFragmentActivity.java
 org.inaturalist.android.BaseFragmentActivity
 org.inaturalist.android.BaseFragmentActivity$1
 org.inaturalist.android.BaseFragmentActivity$10
 org.inaturalist.android.BaseFragmentActivity$11
 org.inaturalist.android.BaseFragmentActivity$12
 org.inaturalist.android.BaseFragmentActivity$13
 org.inaturalist.android.BaseFragmentActivity$14
 org.inaturalist.android.BaseFragmentActivity$15
 org.inaturalist.android.BaseFragmentActivity$16
 org.inaturalist.android.BaseFragmentActivity$17
 org.inaturalist.android.BaseFragmentActivity$18
 org.inaturalist.android.BaseFragmentActivity$19
 org.inaturalist.android.BaseFragmentActivity$2
 org.inaturalist.android.BaseFragmentActivity$20
 org.inaturalist.android.BaseFragmentActivity$21
 org.inaturalist.android.BaseFragmentActivity$22
 org.inaturalist.android.BaseFragmentActivity$23
 org.inaturalist.android.BaseFragmentActivity$24
 org.inaturalist.android.BaseFragmentActivity$3
 org.inaturalist.android.BaseFragmentActivity$4
 org.inaturalist.android.BaseFragmentActivity$5
 org.inaturalist.android.BaseFragmentActivity$6
 org.inaturalist.android.BaseFragmentActivity$7
 org.inaturalist.android.BaseFragmentActivity$8
 org.inaturalist.android.BaseFragmentActivity$9
 org.inaturalist.android.BaseFragmentActivity$NotificationCountsReceiver
 org.inaturalist.android.BaseFragmentActivity$PlaceDetailsReceiver
 org.inaturalist.android.BaseFragmentActivity$UserDetailsReceiver
org/inaturalist/android/ThirdPartyDataSharingFragment.java
 org.inaturalist.android.ThirdPartyDataSharingFragment
 org.inaturalist.android.ThirdPartyDataSharingFragment$1
 org.inaturalist.android.ThirdPartyDataSharingFragment$2
org/inaturalist/android/DeleteAccount.java
 org.inaturalist.android.DeleteAccount
 org.inaturalist.android.DeleteAccount$1
 org.inaturalist.android.DeleteAccount$DeleteAccountReceiver
org/inaturalist/android/GuideTaxonFilter.java
 org.inaturalist.android.GuideTaxonFilter
org/inaturalist/android/MissionDetails.java
 org.inaturalist.android.MissionDetails
 org.inaturalist.android.MissionDetails$1
 org.inaturalist.android.MissionDetails$2
 org.inaturalist.android.MissionDetails$3
 org.inaturalist.android.MissionDetails$4
 org.inaturalist.android.MissionDetails$5
 org.inaturalist.android.MissionDetails$6
 org.inaturalist.android.MissionDetails$NearbyObservationsReceiver
 org.inaturalist.android.MissionDetails$ObservationsPagerAdapter
 org.inaturalist.android.MissionDetails$ObservationsPagerAdapter$1
 org.inaturalist.android.MissionDetails$TaxonReceiver
org/inaturalist/android/AboutLicensesActivity.java
 org.inaturalist.android.AboutLicensesActivity
org/inaturalist/android/UserIdentificationsAdapter.java
 org.inaturalist.android.UserIdentificationsAdapter
 org.inaturalist.android.UserIdentificationsAdapter$1
org/inaturalist/android/FeaturedProjectsTab.java
 org.inaturalist.android.FeaturedProjectsTab
org/inaturalist/android/UserProfile.java
 org.inaturalist.android.UserProfile
 org.inaturalist.android.UserProfile$1
 org.inaturalist.android.UserProfile$10
 org.inaturalist.android.UserProfile$11
 org.inaturalist.android.UserProfile$12
 org.inaturalist.android.UserProfile$13
 org.inaturalist.android.UserProfile$2
 org.inaturalist.android.UserProfile$3
 org.inaturalist.android.UserProfile$4
 org.inaturalist.android.UserProfile$5
 org.inaturalist.android.UserProfile$6
 org.inaturalist.android.UserProfile$7
 org.inaturalist.android.UserProfile$8
 org.inaturalist.android.UserProfile$9
 org.inaturalist.android.UserProfile$UserDetailsReceiver
uk/co/senab/photoview/log/Logger.java
 uk.co.senab.photoview.log.Logger
org/inaturalist/android/ExploreSearchActivity.java
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreSearchActivity
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreSearchActivity$1
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreSearchActivity$1$1
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreSearchActivity$2
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreSearchActivity$3
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreSearchActivity$3$1
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreSearchActivity$4
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreSearchActivity$4$1
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreSearchActivity$5
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreSearchActivity$6
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreSearchActivity$TaxonSearchReceiver
org/inaturalist/android/PlaceSearchActivity.java
 org.inaturalist.android.PlaceSearchActivity
 org.inaturalist.android.PlaceSearchActivity$1
 org.inaturalist.android.PlaceSearchActivity$2
 org.inaturalist.android.PlaceSearchActivity$3
 org.inaturalist.android.PlaceSearchActivity$3$1
 org.inaturalist.android.PlaceSearchActivity$4
 org.inaturalist.android.PlaceSearchActivity$4$1
 org.inaturalist.android.PlaceSearchActivity$5
 org.inaturalist.android.PlaceSearchActivity$PlaceSearchReceiver
uk/co/senab/photoview/gestures/EclairGestureDetector.java
 uk.co.senab.photoview.gestures.EclairGestureDetector
org/inaturalist/android/PullToRefreshGridViewExtended.java
 org.inaturalist.android.PullToRefreshGridViewExtended
org/inaturalist/android/MessageThreadAdapter.java
 org.inaturalist.android.MessageThreadAdapter
 org.inaturalist.android.MessageThreadAdapter$1
 org.inaturalist.android.MessageThreadAdapter$ViewHolder
org/inaturalist/android/TaxonSearchActivity.java
 org.inaturalist.android.TaxonSearchActivity
 org.inaturalist.android.TaxonSearchActivity$1
 org.inaturalist.android.TaxonSearchActivity$2
 org.inaturalist.android.TaxonSearchActivity$TaxonAutoCompleteAdapter
 org.inaturalist.android.TaxonSearchActivity$TaxonAutoCompleteAdapter$1
 org.inaturalist.android.TaxonSearchActivity$TaxonAutoCompleteAdapter$2
 org.inaturalist.android.TaxonSearchActivity$TaxonAutoCompleteAdapter$3
 org.inaturalist.android.TaxonSearchActivity$TaxonAutoCompleteAdapter$4
 org.inaturalist.android.TaxonSearchActivity$TaxonAutoCompleteAdapter$5
org/inaturalist/android/TimePickerFragment.java
 org.inaturalist.android.TimePickerFragment
 org.inaturalist.android.TimePickerFragment$OnDateChange
org/inaturalist/android/ObservationUtils.java
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationUtils
org/inaturalist/android/RecordSoundActivity.java
 org.inaturalist.android.RecordSoundActivity
 org.inaturalist.android.RecordSoundActivity$1
 org.inaturalist.android.RecordSoundActivity$2
 org.inaturalist.android.RecordSoundActivity$3
 org.inaturalist.android.RecordSoundActivity$4
 org.inaturalist.android.RecordSoundActivity$5
 org.inaturalist.android.RecordSoundActivity$6
uk/co/senab/photoview/HackyViewPager.java
 uk.co.senab.photoview.HackyViewPager
 uk.co.senab.photoview.HackyViewPager$OnSwipeOutListener
org/inaturalist/android/TaxonAdapter.java
 org.inaturalist.android.TaxonAdapter
org/inaturalist/android/UTFPosition.java
 org.inaturalist.android.UTFPosition
org/inaturalist/android/DataQualityItem.java
 org.inaturalist.android.DataQualityItem
org/inaturalist/android/TaxonTagPhotosViewer.java
 org.inaturalist.android.TaxonTagPhotosViewer
 org.inaturalist.android.TaxonTagPhotosViewer$TagPicsPagerAdapter
 org.inaturalist.android.TaxonTagPhotosViewer$TagPicsPagerAdapter$1
org/inaturalist/android/TaxonomyAdapter.java
 org.inaturalist.android.TaxonomyAdapter
 org.inaturalist.android.TaxonomyAdapter$1
 org.inaturalist.android.TaxonomyAdapter$2
 org.inaturalist.android.TaxonomyAdapter$3
 org.inaturalist.android.TaxonomyAdapter$4
 org.inaturalist.android.TaxonomyAdapter$TaxonomyListener
org/inaturalist/android/WebActivity.java
 org.inaturalist.android.WebActivity
 org.inaturalist.android.WebActivity$1
 org.inaturalist.android.WebActivity$2
 org.inaturalist.android.WebActivity$3
org/inaturalist/android/BindingAdapterUtils.java
 org.inaturalist.android.BindingAdapterUtils
 org.inaturalist.android.BindingAdapterUtils$1
org/inaturalist/android/IdentificationActivity.java
 org.inaturalist.android.IdentificationActivity
 org.inaturalist.android.IdentificationActivity$1
 org.inaturalist.android.IdentificationActivity$2
org/inaturalist/android/GridViewExtended.java
 org.inaturalist.android.GridViewExtended
org/inaturalist/android/BetterCursor.java
 org.inaturalist.android.BetterCursor
org/inaturalist/android/SoundRecorder.java
 org.inaturalist.android.SoundRecorder
 org.inaturalist.android.SoundRecorder$1
 org.inaturalist.android.SoundRecorder$OnRecordingStatus
 org.inaturalist.android.SoundRecorder$RecordWaveTask
 org.inaturalist.android.SoundRecorder$RecordWaveTask$1
org/inaturalist/android/NetworkSettings.java
 org.inaturalist.android.NetworkSettings
 org.inaturalist.android.NetworkSettings$1
 org.inaturalist.android.NetworkSettings$2
 org.inaturalist.android.NetworkSettings$3
org/inaturalist/android/ObservationEditor.java
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$1
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$10
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$11
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$12
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$13
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$14
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$15
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$16
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$17
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$18
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$19
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$2
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$2$1
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$20
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$21
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$22
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$23
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$24
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$25
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$26
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$27
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$28
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$29
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$3
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$30
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$31
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$32
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$32$1
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$33
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$34
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$35
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$35$1
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$36
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$37
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$37$1
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$38
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$39
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$39$1
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$4
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$40
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$41
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$41$1
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$42
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$42$1
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$42$2
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$43
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$44
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$45
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$46
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$47
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$48
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$49
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$5
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$50
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$51
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$52
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$53
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$54
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$55
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$56
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$6
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$7
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$7$1
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$8
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$8$1
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$9
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$DatePickerFragment
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$GalleryCursorAdapter
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$GalleryCursorAdapter$1
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$MarginItemDecoration
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$TaxonReceiver
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$TimePickerFragment
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationEditor$ViewHolder
org/inaturalist/android/NearByGuidesTab.java
 org.inaturalist.android.NearByGuidesTab
org/inaturalist/android/ProjectNews.java
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectNews
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectNews$1
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectNews$ProjectNewsReceiver
org/inaturalist/android/GuideTaxonXML.java
 org.inaturalist.android.GuideTaxonXML
org/inaturalist/android/MessagesThreadActivity.java
 org.inaturalist.android.MessagesThreadActivity
 org.inaturalist.android.MessagesThreadActivity$1
 org.inaturalist.android.MessagesThreadActivity$MessagesReceiver
 org.inaturalist.android.MessagesThreadActivity$MuteUserReceiver
 org.inaturalist.android.MessagesThreadActivity$PostFlagReceiver
 org.inaturalist.android.MessagesThreadActivity$PostMessageReceiver
org/inaturalist/android/Project.java
 org.inaturalist.android.Project
org/inaturalist/android/ProjectDetails.java
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectDetails
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectDetails$1
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectDetails$2
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectDetails$3
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectDetails$4
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectDetails$4$1
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectDetails$4$2
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectDetails$4$3
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectDetails$4$4
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectDetails$5
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectDetails$6
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectDetails$7
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectDetails$8
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectDetails$9
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectDetails$ProjectDetailsPageAdapter
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectDetails$ProjectDetailsPageAdapter$1
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectDetails$ProjectDetailsPageAdapter$2
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectDetails$ProjectDetailsPageAdapter$3
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectDetails$ProjectDetailsPageAdapter$4
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectDetails$ProjectDetailsReceiver
org/inaturalist/android/MissionDetailsMapActivity.java
 org.inaturalist.android.MissionDetailsMapActivity
 org.inaturalist.android.MissionDetailsMapActivity$1
 org.inaturalist.android.MissionDetailsMapActivity$2
 org.inaturalist.android.MissionDetailsMapActivity$3
org/inaturalist/android/ExploreSearchFilters.java
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreSearchFilters
org/inaturalist/android/CompareSuggestionActivity.java
 org.inaturalist.android.CompareSuggestionActivity
 org.inaturalist.android.CompareSuggestionActivity$1
 org.inaturalist.android.CompareSuggestionActivity$10
 org.inaturalist.android.CompareSuggestionActivity$11
 org.inaturalist.android.CompareSuggestionActivity$12
 org.inaturalist.android.CompareSuggestionActivity$13
 org.inaturalist.android.CompareSuggestionActivity$2
 org.inaturalist.android.CompareSuggestionActivity$3
 org.inaturalist.android.CompareSuggestionActivity$4
 org.inaturalist.android.CompareSuggestionActivity$5
 org.inaturalist.android.CompareSuggestionActivity$6
 org.inaturalist.android.CompareSuggestionActivity$7
 org.inaturalist.android.CompareSuggestionActivity$8
 org.inaturalist.android.CompareSuggestionActivity$9
 org.inaturalist.android.CompareSuggestionActivity$TaxonReceiver
org/inaturalist/android/BaseProjectsTab.java
 org.inaturalist.android.BaseProjectsTab
org/inaturalist/android/FileUtils.java
 org.inaturalist.android.FileUtils
org/inaturalist/android/ObservationPhotoEditor.java
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationPhotoEditor
uk/co/senab/photoview/gestures/VersionedGestureDetector.java
 uk.co.senab.photoview.gestures.VersionedGestureDetector
org/inaturalist/android/SoundPlayer.java
 org.inaturalist.android.SoundPlayer
 org.inaturalist.android.SoundPlayer$1
 org.inaturalist.android.SoundPlayer$2
 org.inaturalist.android.SoundPlayer$OnPlayerStatusChange
org/inaturalist/android/OnboardingActivity.java
 org.inaturalist.android.OnboardingActivity
 org.inaturalist.android.OnboardingActivity$1
 org.inaturalist.android.OnboardingActivity$2
 org.inaturalist.android.OnboardingActivity$3
 org.inaturalist.android.OnboardingActivity$4
 org.inaturalist.android.OnboardingActivity$5
 org.inaturalist.android.OnboardingActivity$6
 org.inaturalist.android.OnboardingActivity$6$1
org/inaturalist/android/AboutActivity.java
 org.inaturalist.android.AboutActivity
org/inaturalist/android/MissionsActivity.java
 org.inaturalist.android.MissionsActivity
 org.inaturalist.android.MissionsActivity$1
 org.inaturalist.android.MissionsActivity$2
 org.inaturalist.android.MissionsActivity$3
 org.inaturalist.android.MissionsActivity$4
 org.inaturalist.android.MissionsActivity$5
 org.inaturalist.android.MissionsActivity$5$1
 org.inaturalist.android.MissionsActivity$CategoriesAdapter
 org.inaturalist.android.MissionsActivity$MissionsReceiver
org/inaturalist/android/DataQualityAdapter.java
 org.inaturalist.android.DataQualityAdapter
 org.inaturalist.android.DataQualityAdapter$1
 org.inaturalist.android.DataQualityAdapter$2
 org.inaturalist.android.DataQualityAdapter$OnDataQualityActions
org/inaturalist/android/MentionsAutoComplete.java
 org.inaturalist.android.MentionsAutoComplete
 org.inaturalist.android.MentionsAutoComplete$1
 org.inaturalist.android.MentionsAutoComplete$2
 org.inaturalist.android.MentionsAutoComplete$3
 org.inaturalist.android.MentionsAutoComplete$4
 org.inaturalist.android.MentionsAutoComplete$UserMentionsAdapter
 org.inaturalist.android.MentionsAutoComplete$UserSearchReceiver
org/inaturalist/android/PinnedLocationSearchActivity.java
 org.inaturalist.android.PinnedLocationSearchActivity
 org.inaturalist.android.PinnedLocationSearchActivity$1
org/inaturalist/android/databinding/TaxonPageBinding.java
 org.inaturalist.android.databinding.TaxonPageBinding
org/inaturalist/android/UserActivity.java
 org.inaturalist.android.UserActivity
 org.inaturalist.android.UserActivity$1
 org.inaturalist.android.UserActivity$2
 org.inaturalist.android.UserActivity$ActivityPageAdapter
 org.inaturalist.android.UserActivity$ActivityPageAdapter$1
 org.inaturalist.android.UserActivity$NewsReceiver
org/inaturalist/android/SyncFailedException.java
 org.inaturalist.android.SyncFailedException
org/inaturalist/android/databinding/ObservationViewerBinding.java
 org.inaturalist.android.databinding.ObservationViewerBinding
org/inaturalist/android/MyTabFactory.java
 org.inaturalist.android.MyTabFactory
org/inaturalist/android/NewsArticle.java
 org.inaturalist.android.NewsArticle
 org.inaturalist.android.NewsArticle$1
 org.inaturalist.android.NewsArticle$2
 org.inaturalist.android.NewsArticle$3
org/inaturalist/android/PhotosViewPagerAdapter.java
 org.inaturalist.android.PhotosViewPagerAdapter
 org.inaturalist.android.PhotosViewPagerAdapter$1
 org.inaturalist.android.PhotosViewPagerAdapter$2
org/inaturalist/android/ProfilePhotoViewer.java
 org.inaturalist.android.ProfilePhotoViewer
 org.inaturalist.android.ProfilePhotoViewer$ProfilePhotoPagerAdapter
 org.inaturalist.android.ProfilePhotoViewer$ProfilePhotoPagerAdapter$1
org/inaturalist/android/TabsAdapter.java
 org.inaturalist.android.TabsAdapter
 org.inaturalist.android.TabsAdapter$TabInfo
org/inaturalist/android/TaxonActivity.java
 org.inaturalist.android.TaxonActivity
 org.inaturalist.android.TaxonActivity$1
 org.inaturalist.android.TaxonActivity$2
 org.inaturalist.android.TaxonActivity$3
 org.inaturalist.android.TaxonActivity$3$1
 org.inaturalist.android.TaxonActivity$3$2
 org.inaturalist.android.TaxonActivity$4
 org.inaturalist.android.TaxonActivity$5
 org.inaturalist.android.TaxonActivity$6
 org.inaturalist.android.TaxonActivity$7
 org.inaturalist.android.TaxonActivity$7$1
 org.inaturalist.android.TaxonActivity$8
 org.inaturalist.android.TaxonActivity$9
 org.inaturalist.android.TaxonActivity$HistogramReceiver
 org.inaturalist.android.TaxonActivity$MonthAxisFormatter
 org.inaturalist.android.TaxonActivity$SeasonabilityPagerAdapter
 org.inaturalist.android.TaxonActivity$TaxonBoundsReceiver
 org.inaturalist.android.TaxonActivity$TaxonPhotosPagerAdapter
 org.inaturalist.android.TaxonActivity$TaxonPhotosPagerAdapter$1
 org.inaturalist.android.TaxonActivity$TaxonPhotosPagerAdapter$2
 org.inaturalist.android.TaxonActivity$TaxonPhotosPagerAdapter$3
 org.inaturalist.android.TaxonActivity$TaxonReceiver
org/inaturalist/android/ExploreActivity.java
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreActivity
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreActivity$1
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreActivity$10
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreActivity$11
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreActivity$12
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreActivity$13
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreActivity$14
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreActivity$15
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreActivity$16
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreActivity$17
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreActivity$18
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreActivity$19
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreActivity$2
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreActivity$3
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreActivity$4
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreActivity$5
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreActivity$6
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreActivity$7
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreActivity$8
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreActivity$9
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreActivity$AnnotationsReceiver
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreActivity$ExplorePagerAdapter
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreActivity$ExplorePagerAdapter$1
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreActivity$ExplorePagerAdapter$1$1
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreActivity$ExplorePagerAdapter$1$2
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreActivity$ExplorePagerAdapter$1$3
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreActivity$ExplorePagerAdapter$1$4
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreActivity$ExplorePagerAdapter$2
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreActivity$ExplorePagerAdapter$3
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreActivity$ExplorePagerAdapter$4
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreActivity$ExplorePagerAdapter$5
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreActivity$ExploreResultsReceiver
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreActivity$LocationReceiver
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreActivity$LocationReceiver$1
org/inaturalist/android/AllGuidesTab.java
 org.inaturalist.android.AllGuidesTab
org/inaturalist/android/PlaceAdapter.java
 org.inaturalist.android.PlaceAdapter
org/inaturalist/android/BaseGuidesTab.java
 org.inaturalist.android.BaseGuidesTab
org/inaturalist/android/DefaultLicensesActivity.java
 org.inaturalist.android.DefaultLicensesActivity
org/inaturalist/android/MultipleChoiceAdapter.java
 org.inaturalist.android.MultipleChoiceAdapter
 org.inaturalist.android.MultipleChoiceAdapter$1
uk/co/senab/photoview/scrollerproxy/GingerScroller.java
 uk.co.senab.photoview.scrollerproxy.GingerScroller
uk/co/senab/photoview/scrollerproxy/PreGingerScroller.java
 uk.co.senab.photoview.scrollerproxy.PreGingerScroller
org/inaturalist/android/MyPageAdapter.java
 org.inaturalist.android.MyPageAdapter
org/inaturalist/android/AboutFragment.java
 org.inaturalist.android.AboutFragment
 org.inaturalist.android.AboutFragment$1
org/inaturalist/android/ObservationCursorAdapter.java
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationCursorAdapter
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationCursorAdapter$1
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationCursorAdapter$2
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationCursorAdapter$BitmapWorkerTask
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationCursorAdapter$DelegatingConstraintViewGroup
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationCursorAdapter$GetAdditionalObsReceiver
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationCursorAdapter$OnLoadingMoreResultsListener
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationCursorAdapter$ViewHolder
org/inaturalist/android/LicenseUtils.java
 org.inaturalist.android.LicenseUtils
 org.inaturalist.android.LicenseUtils$OnLicenseChosen
org/inaturalist/android/PlaceUtils.java
 org.inaturalist.android.PlaceUtils
com/ptashek/widgets/datetimepicker/DateTimePicker.java
 com.ptashek.widgets.datetimepicker.DateTimePicker
org/inaturalist/android/NewMessageSelectUserActivity.java
 org.inaturalist.android.NewMessageSelectUserActivity
 org.inaturalist.android.NewMessageSelectUserActivity$1
 org.inaturalist.android.NewMessageSelectUserActivity$1$1
 org.inaturalist.android.NewMessageSelectUserActivity$2
 org.inaturalist.android.NewMessageSelectUserActivity$UserSearchReceiver
org/inaturalist/android/ObservationSound.java
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationSound
org/inaturalist/android/ProjectObservation.java
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectObservation
org/inaturalist/android/MissionsPagerAdapter.java
 org.inaturalist.android.MissionsPagerAdapter
 org.inaturalist.android.MissionsPagerAdapter$1
org/inaturalist/android/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 org.inaturalist.android.DataBindingTriggerClass
org/inaturalist/android/BetterJSONObject.java
 org.inaturalist.android.BetterJSONObject
org/inaturalist/android/PastLicensesFragment.java
 org.inaturalist.android.PastLicensesFragment
org/inaturalist/android/ScrollableMapFragment.java
 org.inaturalist.android.ScrollableMapFragment
 org.inaturalist.android.ScrollableMapFragment$OnTouchListener
 org.inaturalist.android.ScrollableMapFragment$TouchableWrapper
org/inaturalist/android/ObservationSearchActivity.java
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationSearchActivity
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationSearchActivity$1
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationSearchActivity$1$1
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationSearchActivity$2
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationSearchActivity$SearchResultsReceiver
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationSearchActivity$SearchResultsReceiver$1
org/inaturalist/android/LocationChooserPlaceAdapter.java
 org.inaturalist.android.LocationChooserPlaceAdapter
org/inaturalist/android/INaturalistService.java
 org.inaturalist.android.INaturalistService
 org.inaturalist.android.INaturalistService$1
 org.inaturalist.android.INaturalistService$10
 org.inaturalist.android.INaturalistService$11
 org.inaturalist.android.INaturalistService$12
 org.inaturalist.android.INaturalistService$13
 org.inaturalist.android.INaturalistService$13$1
 org.inaturalist.android.INaturalistService$14
 org.inaturalist.android.INaturalistService$15
 org.inaturalist.android.INaturalistService$16
 org.inaturalist.android.INaturalistService$17
 org.inaturalist.android.INaturalistService$18
 org.inaturalist.android.INaturalistService$18$1
 org.inaturalist.android.INaturalistService$19
 org.inaturalist.android.INaturalistService$19$1
 org.inaturalist.android.INaturalistService$2
 org.inaturalist.android.INaturalistService$20
 org.inaturalist.android.INaturalistService$3
 org.inaturalist.android.INaturalistService$4
 org.inaturalist.android.INaturalistService$5
 org.inaturalist.android.INaturalistService$6
 org.inaturalist.android.INaturalistService$7
 org.inaturalist.android.INaturalistService$8
 org.inaturalist.android.INaturalistService$9
 org.inaturalist.android.INaturalistService$AuthenticationException
 org.inaturalist.android.INaturalistService$IOnLocation
 org.inaturalist.android.INaturalistService$IOnTimezone
 org.inaturalist.android.INaturalistService$LoginType
org/inaturalist/android/ObservationViewerActivity.java
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationViewerActivity
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationViewerActivity$1
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationViewerActivity$10
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationViewerActivity$11
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationViewerActivity$11$1
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationViewerActivity$11$2
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationViewerActivity$11$3
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationViewerActivity$12
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationViewerActivity$13
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationViewerActivity$14
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationViewerActivity$15
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationViewerActivity$16
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationViewerActivity$17
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationViewerActivity$18
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationViewerActivity$19
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationViewerActivity$19$1
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationViewerActivity$19$2
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationViewerActivity$2
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationViewerActivity$20
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationViewerActivity$21
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationViewerActivity$22
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationViewerActivity$23
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationViewerActivity$23$1
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationViewerActivity$24
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationViewerActivity$25
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationViewerActivity$26
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationViewerActivity$27
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationViewerActivity$28
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationViewerActivity$29
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationViewerActivity$3
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationViewerActivity$30
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationViewerActivity$31
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationViewerActivity$32
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationViewerActivity$33
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationViewerActivity$34
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationViewerActivity$4
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationViewerActivity$5
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationViewerActivity$6
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationViewerActivity$7
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationViewerActivity$8
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationViewerActivity$9
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationViewerActivity$9$1
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationViewerActivity$9$2
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationViewerActivity$9$3
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationViewerActivity$9$4
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationViewerActivity$9$5
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationViewerActivity$9$6
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationViewerActivity$AttributesReceiver
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationViewerActivity$ChangeAttributesReceiver
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationViewerActivity$DownloadObservationReceiver
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationViewerActivity$DownloadObservationReceiver$1
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationViewerActivity$DownloadObservationReceiver$2
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationViewerActivity$ObservationFollowReceiver
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationViewerActivity$ObservationReceiver
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationViewerActivity$ObservationReceiver$1
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationViewerActivity$ObservationReceiver$2
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationViewerActivity$ObservationReceiver$3
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationViewerActivity$ObservationSubscriptionsReceiver
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationViewerActivity$PhotosViewPagerAdapter
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationViewerActivity$PhotosViewPagerAdapter$1
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationViewerActivity$PhotosViewPagerAdapter$2
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationViewerActivity$PhotosViewPagerAdapter$3
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationViewerActivity$onDisagreement
uk/co/senab/photoview/log/LogManager.java
 uk.co.senab.photoview.log.LogManager
uk/co/senab/photoview/gestures/OnGestureListener.java
 uk.co.senab.photoview.gestures.OnGestureListener
org/inaturalist/android/ProjectNewsAdapter.java
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectNewsAdapter
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectNewsAdapter$1
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectNewsAdapter$2
org/inaturalist/android/GPSEncoder.java
 org.inaturalist.android.GPSEncoder
org/inaturalist/android/BuildConfig.java
 org.inaturalist.android.BuildConfig
org/inaturalist/android/AboutLicensesAdapter.java
 org.inaturalist.android.AboutLicensesAdapter
 org.inaturalist.android.AboutLicensesAdapter$ViewHolder
org/inaturalist/android/PastLicensesActivity.java
 org.inaturalist.android.PastLicensesActivity
org/inaturalist/android/DatePickerFragment.java
 org.inaturalist.android.DatePickerFragment
 org.inaturalist.android.DatePickerFragment$OnDateChange
org/inaturalist/android/MultilineEditText.java
 org.inaturalist.android.MultilineEditText
org/inaturalist/android/LocationDetailsActivity.java
 org.inaturalist.android.LocationDetailsActivity
 org.inaturalist.android.LocationDetailsActivity$1
org/inaturalist/android/UserSpeciesAdapter.java
 org.inaturalist.android.UserSpeciesAdapter
 org.inaturalist.android.UserSpeciesAdapter$1
org/inaturalist/android/SwipeableLinearLayout.java
 org.inaturalist.android.SwipeableLinearLayout
 org.inaturalist.android.SwipeableLinearLayout$SwipeListener
org/inaturalist/android/UserAdapter.java
 org.inaturalist.android.UserAdapter
 org.inaturalist.android.UserAdapter$1
 org.inaturalist.android.UserAdapter$UserClickListener
 org.inaturalist.android.UserAdapter$ViewHolder
org/inaturalist/android/ImageUtils.java
 org.inaturalist.android.ImageUtils
org/inaturalist/android/GuideXML.java
 org.inaturalist.android.GuideXML
 org.inaturalist.android.GuideXML$1
uk/co/senab/photoview/scrollerproxy/ScrollerProxy.java
 uk.co.senab.photoview.scrollerproxy.ScrollerProxy
org/inaturalist/android/databinding/ExploreSearchBinding.java
 org.inaturalist.android.databinding.ExploreSearchBinding
org/inaturalist/android/ObservationListActivity.java
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationListActivity
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationListActivity$1
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationListActivity$2
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationListActivity$3
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationListActivity$ConnectivityBroadcastReceiver
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationListActivity$NewsReceiver
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationListActivity$ObservationSyncProgressReceiver
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationListActivity$ObservationsPageAdapter
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationListActivity$SyncCompleteReceiver
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationListActivity$UserDetailsReceiver
uk/co/senab/photoview/gestures/FroyoGestureDetector.java
 uk.co.senab.photoview.gestures.FroyoGestureDetector
 uk.co.senab.photoview.gestures.FroyoGestureDetector$1
org/inaturalist/android/NearByProjectsTab.java
 org.inaturalist.android.NearByProjectsTab
org/inaturalist/android/LoginSignupActivity.java
 org.inaturalist.android.LoginSignupActivity
 org.inaturalist.android.LoginSignupActivity$1
 org.inaturalist.android.LoginSignupActivity$10
 org.inaturalist.android.LoginSignupActivity$11
 org.inaturalist.android.LoginSignupActivity$12
 org.inaturalist.android.LoginSignupActivity$13
 org.inaturalist.android.LoginSignupActivity$14
 org.inaturalist.android.LoginSignupActivity$15
 org.inaturalist.android.LoginSignupActivity$16
 org.inaturalist.android.LoginSignupActivity$17
 org.inaturalist.android.LoginSignupActivity$18
 org.inaturalist.android.LoginSignupActivity$18$1
 org.inaturalist.android.LoginSignupActivity$19
 org.inaturalist.android.LoginSignupActivity$2
 org.inaturalist.android.LoginSignupActivity$3
 org.inaturalist.android.LoginSignupActivity$4
 org.inaturalist.android.LoginSignupActivity$5
 org.inaturalist.android.LoginSignupActivity$6
 org.inaturalist.android.LoginSignupActivity$7
 org.inaturalist.android.LoginSignupActivity$8
 org.inaturalist.android.LoginSignupActivity$9
 org.inaturalist.android.LoginSignupActivity$UserRegisterReceiver
org/inaturalist/android/ExpandedBottomSheetDialog.java
 org.inaturalist.android.ExpandedBottomSheetDialog
 org.inaturalist.android.ExpandedBottomSheetDialog$1
org/inaturalist/android/databinding/ObservationConfirmationBinding.java
 org.inaturalist.android.databinding.ObservationConfirmationBinding
org/inaturalist/android/TaxonMapActivity.java
 org.inaturalist.android.TaxonMapActivity
 org.inaturalist.android.TaxonMapActivity$1
 org.inaturalist.android.TaxonMapActivity$1$1
org/inaturalist/android/UserObservationAdapter.java
 org.inaturalist.android.UserObservationAdapter
 org.inaturalist.android.UserObservationAdapter$1
org/inaturalist/android/AnnotationsAdapter.java
 org.inaturalist.android.AnnotationsAdapter
 org.inaturalist.android.AnnotationsAdapter$1
 org.inaturalist.android.AnnotationsAdapter$2
 org.inaturalist.android.AnnotationsAdapter$3
 org.inaturalist.android.AnnotationsAdapter$3$1
 org.inaturalist.android.AnnotationsAdapter$4
 org.inaturalist.android.AnnotationsAdapter$5
 org.inaturalist.android.AnnotationsAdapter$6
 org.inaturalist.android.AnnotationsAdapter$7
 org.inaturalist.android.AnnotationsAdapter$8
 org.inaturalist.android.AnnotationsAdapter$OnAnnotationActions
org/inaturalist/android/TutorialFragment.java
 org.inaturalist.android.TutorialFragment
 org.inaturalist.android.TutorialFragment$1
 org.inaturalist.android.TutorialFragment$2
org/inaturalist/android/LoggingUtils.java
 org.inaturalist.android.LoggingUtils
 org.inaturalist.android.LoggingUtils$1
org/inaturalist/android/AnalyticsClient.java
 org.inaturalist.android.AnalyticsClient
 org.inaturalist.android.AnalyticsClient$1
org/inaturalist/android/databinding/ExploreFiltersBinding.java
 org.inaturalist.android.databinding.ExploreFiltersBinding
org/inaturalist/android/ProjectDetailsAbout.java
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectDetailsAbout
org/inaturalist/android/License.java
 org.inaturalist.android.License
org/inaturalist/android/AndroidStateBundlers.java
 org.inaturalist.android.AndroidStateBundlers
 org.inaturalist.android.AndroidStateBundlers$BetterJSONListBundler
 org.inaturalist.android.AndroidStateBundlers$BetterJSONObjectBundler
 org.inaturalist.android.AndroidStateBundlers$JSONArrayBundler
 org.inaturalist.android.AndroidStateBundlers$JSONListBundler
 org.inaturalist.android.AndroidStateBundlers$JSONObjectBundler
 org.inaturalist.android.AndroidStateBundlers$ListBundler
 org.inaturalist.android.AndroidStateBundlers$ListPairBundler
 org.inaturalist.android.AndroidStateBundlers$SerializableBundler
 org.inaturalist.android.AndroidStateBundlers$SetBundler
 org.inaturalist.android.AndroidStateBundlers$UriBundler
uk/co/senab/photoview/Compat.java
 uk.co.senab.photoview.Compat
org/inaturalist/android/FavoritesAdapter.java
 org.inaturalist.android.FavoritesAdapter
 org.inaturalist.android.FavoritesAdapter$1
org/inaturalist/android/ProjectField.java
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectField
org/inaturalist/android/JoinedProjectsTab.java
 org.inaturalist.android.JoinedProjectsTab
org/inaturalist/android/Observation.java
 org.inaturalist.android.Observation
org/inaturalist/android/ObservationPhotosViewer.java
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationPhotosViewer
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationPhotosViewer$1
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationPhotosViewer$2
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationPhotosViewer$3
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationPhotosViewer$IdPicsPagerAdapter
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationPhotosViewer$IdPicsPagerAdapter$1
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationPhotosViewer$IdPicsPagerAdapter$2
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationPhotosViewer$IdPicsPagerAdapter$3
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationPhotosViewer$IdPicsPagerAdapter$4
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationPhotosViewer$IdPicsPagerAdapter$OnZoomListener
org/inaturalist/android/DataQualityAssessment.java
 org.inaturalist.android.DataQualityAssessment
 org.inaturalist.android.DataQualityAssessment$1
 org.inaturalist.android.DataQualityAssessment$2
 org.inaturalist.android.DataQualityAssessment$ChangeDataQualityMetricsReceiver
 org.inaturalist.android.DataQualityAssessment$DataQualityMetricsReceiver
 org.inaturalist.android.DataQualityAssessment$IdCanBeImprovedReceiver
org/inaturalist/android/ObservationProvider.java
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationProvider
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationProvider$DatabaseHelper
org/inaturalist/android/ItemSearchActivity.java
 org.inaturalist.android.ItemSearchActivity
 org.inaturalist.android.ItemSearchActivity$1
 org.inaturalist.android.ItemSearchActivity$2
org/inaturalist/android/OnSwipeTouchListener.java
 org.inaturalist.android.OnSwipeTouchListener
 org.inaturalist.android.OnSwipeTouchListener$1
 org.inaturalist.android.OnSwipeTouchListener$GestureListener
org/inaturalist/android/MyGuidesTab.java
 org.inaturalist.android.MyGuidesTab
org/inaturalist/android/GlobalExceptionHandler.java
 org.inaturalist.android.GlobalExceptionHandler
org/inaturalist/android/ThirdPartyDataSharingActivity.java
 org.inaturalist.android.ThirdPartyDataSharingActivity
org/inaturalist/android/GuideTaxonPhotoXML.java
 org.inaturalist.android.GuideTaxonPhotoXML
 org.inaturalist.android.GuideTaxonPhotoXML$1
 org.inaturalist.android.GuideTaxonPhotoXML$PhotoSize
 org.inaturalist.android.GuideTaxonPhotoXML$PhotoType
org/inaturalist/android/iNaturalistGlideModule.java
 org.inaturalist.android.iNaturalistGlideModule
org/inaturalist/android/CancelSyncException.java
 org.inaturalist.android.CancelSyncException
org/inaturalist/android/NamespaceContextMap.java
 org.inaturalist.android.NamespaceContextMap
org/inaturalist/android/MessagesActivity.java
 org.inaturalist.android.MessagesActivity
 org.inaturalist.android.MessagesActivity$1
 org.inaturalist.android.MessagesActivity$1$1
 org.inaturalist.android.MessagesActivity$2
 org.inaturalist.android.MessagesActivity$MessagesReceiver
org/inaturalist/android/ProjectFieldValue.java
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectFieldValue
uk/co/senab/photoview/scrollerproxy/IcsScroller.java
 uk.co.senab.photoview.scrollerproxy.IcsScroller
org/inaturalist/android/ProjectsActivity.java
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectsActivity
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectsActivity$1
org/inaturalist/android/SettingsActivity.java
 org.inaturalist.android.SettingsActivity
org/inaturalist/android/RotateTransformation.java
 org.inaturalist.android.RotateTransformation
org/inaturalist/android/INatPlace.java
 org.inaturalist.android.INatPlace
org/inaturalist/android/ObservationSoundViewer.java
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationSoundViewer
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationSoundViewer$1
org/inaturalist/android/MessageAdapter.java
 org.inaturalist.android.MessageAdapter
 org.inaturalist.android.MessageAdapter$1
 org.inaturalist.android.MessageAdapter$MessageClickListener
 org.inaturalist.android.MessageAdapter$ViewHolder
org/inaturalist/android/UTFGrid.java
 org.inaturalist.android.UTFGrid
org/inaturalist/android/GuidesActivity.java
 org.inaturalist.android.GuidesActivity
 org.inaturalist.android.GuidesActivity$1
org/inaturalist/android/databinding/CommentIdItemObsViewerBinding.java
 org.inaturalist.android.databinding.CommentIdItemObsViewerBinding
org/inaturalist/android/ProfileEditor.java
 org.inaturalist.android.ProfileEditor
 org.inaturalist.android.ProfileEditor$1
 org.inaturalist.android.ProfileEditor$2
 org.inaturalist.android.ProfileEditor$3
 org.inaturalist.android.ProfileEditor$4
 org.inaturalist.android.ProfileEditor$4$1
 org.inaturalist.android.ProfileEditor$5
 org.inaturalist.android.ProfileEditor$6
 org.inaturalist.android.ProfileEditor$7
 org.inaturalist.android.ProfileEditor$8
 org.inaturalist.android.ProfileEditor$9
 org.inaturalist.android.ProfileEditor$UserDetailsReceiver
 org.inaturalist.android.ProfileEditor$UserUpdateReceiver
org/inaturalist/android/TutorialActivity.java
 org.inaturalist.android.TutorialActivity
 org.inaturalist.android.TutorialActivity$1
 org.inaturalist.android.TutorialActivity$2
 org.inaturalist.android.TutorialActivity$TutorialAdapter
org/inaturalist/android/DebugSettingsActivity.java
 org.inaturalist.android.DebugSettingsActivity
org/inaturalist/android/databinding/AnnotationBinding.java
 org.inaturalist.android.databinding.AnnotationBinding
org/inaturalist/android/TaxonSuggestionsActivity.java
 org.inaturalist.android.TaxonSuggestionsActivity
 org.inaturalist.android.TaxonSuggestionsActivity$1
 org.inaturalist.android.TaxonSuggestionsActivity$2
 org.inaturalist.android.TaxonSuggestionsActivity$3
 org.inaturalist.android.TaxonSuggestionsActivity$4
 org.inaturalist.android.TaxonSuggestionsActivity$5
 org.inaturalist.android.TaxonSuggestionsActivity$6
 org.inaturalist.android.TaxonSuggestionsActivity$TaxonReceiver
 org.inaturalist.android.TaxonSuggestionsActivity$TaxonSuggestionsReceiver
 org.inaturalist.android.TaxonSuggestionsActivity$TopResultsReceiver
org/inaturalist/android/SerializableJSONArray.java
 org.inaturalist.android.SerializableJSONArray
org/inaturalist/android/DebugSettingsFragment.java
 org.inaturalist.android.DebugSettingsFragment
 org.inaturalist.android.DebugSettingsFragment$1
 org.inaturalist.android.DebugSettingsFragment$1$1
 org.inaturalist.android.DebugSettingsFragment$1$2
 org.inaturalist.android.DebugSettingsFragment$2
 org.inaturalist.android.DebugSettingsFragment$3
 org.inaturalist.android.DebugSettingsFragment$DividerItemDecorationPreferences
org/inaturalist/android/MissionsGridActivity.java
 org.inaturalist.android.MissionsGridActivity
 org.inaturalist.android.MissionsGridActivity$1
 org.inaturalist.android.MissionsGridActivity$MissionsReceiver
org/inaturalist/android/SettingsFragment.java
 org.inaturalist.android.SettingsFragment
 org.inaturalist.android.SettingsFragment$1
 org.inaturalist.android.SettingsFragment$10
 org.inaturalist.android.SettingsFragment$2
 org.inaturalist.android.SettingsFragment$2$1
 org.inaturalist.android.SettingsFragment$2$2
 org.inaturalist.android.SettingsFragment$3
 org.inaturalist.android.SettingsFragment$4
 org.inaturalist.android.SettingsFragment$5
 org.inaturalist.android.SettingsFragment$6
 org.inaturalist.android.SettingsFragment$7
 org.inaturalist.android.SettingsFragment$8
 org.inaturalist.android.SettingsFragment$9
org/inaturalist/android/ObservationPhoto.java
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationPhoto
org/inaturalist/android/GuideDetails.java
 org.inaturalist.android.GuideDetails
 org.inaturalist.android.GuideDetails$1
 org.inaturalist.android.GuideDetails$10
 org.inaturalist.android.GuideDetails$11
 org.inaturalist.android.GuideDetails$11$1
 org.inaturalist.android.GuideDetails$12
 org.inaturalist.android.GuideDetails$2
 org.inaturalist.android.GuideDetails$3
 org.inaturalist.android.GuideDetails$3$1
 org.inaturalist.android.GuideDetails$3$2
 org.inaturalist.android.GuideDetails$4
 org.inaturalist.android.GuideDetails$5
 org.inaturalist.android.GuideDetails$6
 org.inaturalist.android.GuideDetails$7
 org.inaturalist.android.GuideDetails$8
 org.inaturalist.android.GuideDetails$9
 org.inaturalist.android.GuideDetails$9$1
 org.inaturalist.android.GuideDetails$9$1$1
 org.inaturalist.android.GuideDetails$9$1$1$1
 org.inaturalist.android.GuideDetails$GuideMenuItem
 org.inaturalist.android.GuideDetails$GuideMenuListAdapter
 org.inaturalist.android.GuideDetails$GuideMenuListAdapter$1
 org.inaturalist.android.GuideDetails$GuideMenuListAdapter$2
 org.inaturalist.android.GuideDetails$GuideMenuSection
 org.inaturalist.android.GuideDetails$GuideMenuTag
 org.inaturalist.android.GuideDetails$GuideTaxaReceiver
 org.inaturalist.android.GuideDetails$GuideTaxaReceiver$1
 org.inaturalist.android.GuideDetails$GuideTaxaReceiver$2
 org.inaturalist.android.GuideDetails$TaxaListAdapter
 org.inaturalist.android.GuideDetails$TaxaListAdapter$1
uk/co/senab/photoview/DefaultOnDoubleTapListener.java
 uk.co.senab.photoview.DefaultOnDoubleTapListener
uk/co/senab/photoview/gestures/GestureDetector.java
 uk.co.senab.photoview.gestures.GestureDetector
uk/co/senab/photoview/IPhotoView.java
 uk.co.senab.photoview.IPhotoView
org/inaturalist/android/GuideTaxonSectionXML.java
 org.inaturalist.android.GuideTaxonSectionXML
org/inaturalist/android/CreditsActivity.java
 org.inaturalist.android.CreditsActivity
org/inaturalist/android/ProjectFieldViewer.java
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectFieldViewer
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectFieldViewer$1
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectFieldViewer$10
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectFieldViewer$11
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectFieldViewer$12
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectFieldViewer$2
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectFieldViewer$3
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectFieldViewer$4
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectFieldViewer$4$1
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectFieldViewer$5
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectFieldViewer$5$1
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectFieldViewer$6
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectFieldViewer$7
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectFieldViewer$8
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectFieldViewer$9
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectFieldViewer$FocusedListener
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectFieldViewer$ProjectFieldsResults
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectFieldViewer$TaxonReceiver
org/inaturalist/android/LicenseListAdapter.java
 org.inaturalist.android.LicenseListAdapter
org/inaturalist/android/TaxonUtils.java
 org.inaturalist.android.TaxonUtils
org/inaturalist/android/ObservationProjectsViewer.java
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationProjectsViewer
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationProjectsViewer$1
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationProjectsViewer$ProjectAdapter
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationProjectsViewer$ProjectAdapter$1
 org.inaturalist.android.ObservationProjectsViewer$ProjectAdapter$2
org/inaturalist/android/SQLiteCursorFactory.java
 org.inaturalist.android.SQLiteCursorFactory
org/inaturalist/android/ExploreFiltersActivity.java
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreFiltersActivity
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreFiltersActivity$1
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreFiltersActivity$10
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreFiltersActivity$11
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreFiltersActivity$12
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreFiltersActivity$13
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreFiltersActivity$14
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreFiltersActivity$15
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreFiltersActivity$16
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreFiltersActivity$16$1
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreFiltersActivity$17
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreFiltersActivity$17$1
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreFiltersActivity$18
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreFiltersActivity$19
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreFiltersActivity$19$1
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreFiltersActivity$2
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreFiltersActivity$20
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreFiltersActivity$21
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreFiltersActivity$22
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreFiltersActivity$22$1
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreFiltersActivity$23
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreFiltersActivity$24
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreFiltersActivity$3
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreFiltersActivity$4
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreFiltersActivity$5
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreFiltersActivity$6
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreFiltersActivity$7
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreFiltersActivity$8
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreFiltersActivity$9
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreFiltersActivity$DatePickerFragment
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreFiltersActivity$IconicTaxonAdapter
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreFiltersActivity$IconicTaxonAdapter$1
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreFiltersActivity$IconicTaxonAdapter$IconicTaxonViewHolder
 org.inaturalist.android.ExploreFiltersActivity$IconicTaxonAdapter$OnIconicTaxonSelected
org/inaturalist/android/ActivityHelper.java
 org.inaturalist.android.ActivityHelper
 org.inaturalist.android.ActivityHelper$1
 org.inaturalist.android.ActivityHelper$10
 org.inaturalist.android.ActivityHelper$11
 org.inaturalist.android.ActivityHelper$12
 org.inaturalist.android.ActivityHelper$13
 org.inaturalist.android.ActivityHelper$2
 org.inaturalist.android.ActivityHelper$3
 org.inaturalist.android.ActivityHelper$4
 org.inaturalist.android.ActivityHelper$5
 org.inaturalist.android.ActivityHelper$6
 org.inaturalist.android.ActivityHelper$7
 org.inaturalist.android.ActivityHelper$8
 org.inaturalist.android.ActivityHelper$9
 org.inaturalist.android.ActivityHelper$OnMultipleChoices
 org.inaturalist.android.ActivityHelper$isListScrollable
org/inaturalist/android/TaxonSuggestionAdapter.java
 org.inaturalist.android.TaxonSuggestionAdapter
 org.inaturalist.android.TaxonSuggestionAdapter$1
 org.inaturalist.android.TaxonSuggestionAdapter$2
 org.inaturalist.android.TaxonSuggestionAdapter$3
 org.inaturalist.android.TaxonSuggestionAdapter$OnTaxonSuggestion
org/inaturalist/android/HtmlUtils.java
 org.inaturalist.android.HtmlUtils
 org.inaturalist.android.HtmlUtils$1
uk/co/senab/photoview/PhotoView.java
 uk.co.senab.photoview.PhotoView
org/inaturalist/android/DividerItemDecorationPreferences.java
 org.inaturalist.android.DividerItemDecorationPreferences
org/inaturalist/android/ProjectsAdapter.java
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectsAdapter
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectsAdapter$1
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectsAdapter$2
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectsAdapter$OnLoading
org/inaturalist/android/LanguageListPreference.java
 org.inaturalist.android.LanguageListPreference
 org.inaturalist.android.LanguageListPreference$1
 org.inaturalist.android.LanguageListPreference$CheckedItemAdapter
org/inaturalist/android/INaturalistApp.java
 org.inaturalist.android.INaturalistApp
 org.inaturalist.android.INaturalistApp$1
 org.inaturalist.android.INaturalistApp$2
 org.inaturalist.android.INaturalistApp$3
 org.inaturalist.android.INaturalistApp$4
 org.inaturalist.android.INaturalistApp$5
 org.inaturalist.android.INaturalistApp$6
 org.inaturalist.android.INaturalistApp$7
 org.inaturalist.android.INaturalistApp$8
 org.inaturalist.android.INaturalistApp$INotificationCallback
 org.inaturalist.android.INaturalistApp$OnDownloadFileProgress
 org.inaturalist.android.INaturalistApp$OnLocationStatus
 org.inaturalist.android.INaturalistApp$OnRequestPermissionResult
org/inaturalist/android/ProjectSelectorActivity.java
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectSelectorActivity
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectSelectorActivity$1
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectSelectorActivity$2
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectSelectorActivity$ProjectAdapter
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectSelectorActivity$ProjectAdapter$1
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectSelectorActivity$ProjectAdapter$2
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectSelectorActivity$ProjectAdapter$3
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectSelectorActivity$ProjectAdapter$4
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectSelectorActivity$ProjectReceiver
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectSelectorActivity$ProjectReceiver$1
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectSelectorActivity$ProjectReceiver$2
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectSelectorActivity$ProjectReceiver$2$1
 org.inaturalist.android.ProjectSelectorActivity$ProjectReceiver$3
